hey everybody you know fashion shoots
always define me good offer involve
models saying around in flamboyant
clothes they're never actually we're in
real life but still
fashion is nothing without clothes right
we were curious so we decided to have
our own fashion shoot with one twist
with some DIY tailoring and a few
volunteers we well took clothes out of
the equation all right Ateneo to Sten
yeah I'll count to three and then you
just little bit with this cowlick
yeah because you need something really
thick okay one two three okay one more
time slightly had a one two three okay
one more time slightly hotter okay one
two three one two three
there one two three one two three one
two three two three
okay up one more time when the hottest
stay one two three oh oh
I don't really have anything to say I'm
just really happy I'm actually wearing
clothes right now thanks for watching
and if you like what you just saw we've
got a ton of videos coming up so please
subscribe by clicking here so you don't
miss out on any of them and if you're on
your mobile phone just click on the red
subscribe button somewhere below here do
it okay I run my cruise oh come on
Oh something like that peace one two
three